[Music]
P
B
[Music]
Oh
[Music] Oh
[Music]
Oh
[Music] [Music]
[Music] w [Music
]
[Music] [Music]
k [
Music] [
Music] [Music]
B
[Music] [Music
]
H
[Music] [Music]
y [Music] Oh [Music]
Oh
T [Music] T you [Music]
you Tito [Music]
Tito
well the [
Music]
late begins [
good What's up How are my people David
Serrano Thank you very much welcome
how are you family can you hear can you see can you
feel can you hear can you see can you
feel how are you how are you today I arrived early
today today I have done the live show let's see today I have
done the live show until now I don't think that
later at night I will do it again today
I have done the live show until now more than
anything to be able to do it for  to be able to
do it because later at night to see
Fran Today is on El Hormiguero Fran Today
is on El Hormiguero So it would be It would
be good to be able to see it Of course but it's at
10 I think it's 10 to quarter I think
it is I'm going to be live
probably on telesalseo
yes yes there is substance I do live on
telesalseo and that's it I'll watch El Hormiguero
then you have us abandoned I know I
know but let's see what I
tell you what I tell you Antonio Luna welcome
King I have had you abandoned well I have had you
abandoned really I have not uploaded
content here to the
salsería yesterday I know that no but yesterday
something happened now I tell you
wait yesterday yesterday
not before yesterday the day before yesterday of
course and what I uploaded was tron ​​it's not
true I have been abandoned for a couple of days I
have to admit it yes but
what happens is that the
main channel is very active the main channel is
very active and on telesalseo we have had
a lot of gossip too let's see in the end the
day has 24 hours and I divide myself into what is
going on in what is being more important the
Claws of Gemita I do not  I've seen it
but if you send it to me Omar Thank you very much
if you send it to me there eh Let's
see in theory this
live is for the Dallas video that he
already
uploaded yesterday no I already uploaded it the day before last
night when we were live on
telesalseo but I didn't come I didn't come
to see it let's see it tomorrow tomorrow I have
the crofi at 10 in the morning so
The idea is to do this live then go
to telesalseo there to do all the gossip and
not leave too late to see Fran on El
Hormiguero Although I'm going to watch it recorded I'm
not going to watch it live I'm going to
watch it a little bit a little bit recorded
a little bit recorded a little bit a little bit
late I'm going to watch it eh yesterday
something happened man and the truth is that I felt really
bad I felt really bad man I had a little
health problem that has been
solved eh or at least we are on the verge of
it and the thing is that when I woke up I was already LL for
several days with some strange headaches I had been having
some headaches for a few days  a little weird
and the truth is that I got scared I went to the
neurologist and it turned out to be something cervical
once again it
turned out to be something cervical once
again
I don't know how I know what that's called, I mean, they had
burst and they
anadim all the muscles here in my
neck and behind the c man I had
some blocks that I don't see okay they sent me
some but I think that part of
my migraines are going to come from there eh what
's Gemita's foot
Atena a kiss beautiful
welcome Hi girlfriend I think that yesterday
afternoon I passed right by you with the
car and I had a
telesalseo streaming on At full volume Ha
Yesterday afternoon but I was sick
yesterday what did I do yesterday I was very
sick almost the whole day I felt better
today when after the osteopath is what I
was telling you yesterday what I did Abi let's
see Yesterday morning I already felt
terrible terrible terrible that I had to go to the
bank do some things and I left there already
like very tired you know like
very tired u how bad my [ __ ]
head felt really but of course Okay  to come
around all my
migraine problems and everything else are going to come around there, I
mean because they were giving me like
a stabbing pain here a stabbing pain
there
eh I don't know the truth is that I'm worried I was
worried because there were more of them it was a
migraine but a very strange one and now it
's true that I felt bad I felt
fatigued I felt like I was twisting and bending my
neck and like I felt them
I heard the creaks I even went to the
doctor he prescribed me muscle relaxants he
prescribed me some medication another one so I could
sleep because neither It's that I also
wake up at night like containment
like no I mean sleepy wanting to
sleep but I couldn't sleep
and and I got worried the truth and I went to bed
when I came back from the bank I went to bed at 4
in the afternoon I had an appointment with the doctor I went to the
doctor at 4 in the afternoon and I think I
didn't go out on the street anymore uh when I left
the doctor it was raining and I think I did
n't go out on the street anymore what is it that I
did yesterday the live with  Trium is
what I did Of course I started preparing
the live with Trium and I started
studying the script for today
's main video because
today there is a video on the main channel
that is going to be a hit that video is
going to be a hit that video the video on the
main channel is going to be a hit because the
previous one that we did on that topic was already a
hit the Justin Bieber one which already has
almost 200,000 views and today's is going to be a
hit because it looks so beautiful
tonight it will be clear and I haven't been able to come
to react to the video this one is that in
fact I haven't seen any of the video I haven't
seen absolutely
anything I'm lying if I have seen something and what I've seen is
driving me crazy
Yes yes David I'm better now I mean it turned out
that yesterday he didn't give me
much hope the doctor the truth is he didn't
convince me much when he told me that it
was something cervical I mean cervical these
stabbing pains these
pains but with the muscle relaxant
and the muscle relaxant at night
which is the pill is for sleeping
not good for sleeping it's not a
muscle relaxant but it makes you feel tired no and already
this morning when I  I woke up like I fell
from heaven man like I fell from
heaven like I fell from heaven yesterday
afternoon I got a message to confirm
that I had tape with the osteopath this
morning and I'm like wow I can't even try I can't even try
and he got me
this morning to have a little handle 11 he
got me this morning and he started going over it
from the
shoulder Okay up to the neck up to the
head go out and check it over it it's left me brand
new look at myself man I feel
superb right after I took a nice warm warm
shower and I'm brand new brand new new new new new
guy brand new I'm brand new
dude it was cervical dude And what he
told me is that it's been a lot of hours
of work that my body has told me
listen to me Calm down a bit and it's been
telling me for a while Edgar a kiss
Calm down a bit Edgar a kiss all
day in a chair all day in this
position and and it seems there's tension there's
tension I think it's the
energy drinks also look at what you  I mean, I
think energy drinks
Also, in the end, from the Dallas video, I have to
admit that I've
seen one thing. Yeah, I was going to tell you
that I hadn't seen anything, but yeah, yeah,
man, when all of a sudden I start
to see
the [ __ ] frog all over Twitter, I mean, I don't
know if those of you who have
Twitter have seen it, but all of Twitter is with the
frog. The osteopath does
happy endings, mine in particular doesn't, but I think
it's because my budget isn't very
high. I can give you a happy ending. I'm selling out. I'm
selling out for
anything, eh, I'm not expensive.
Talk to Delos right now, no, Delos is
coming from Japan. I saw him today. I saw him today. We
'll have to tell him to come, come, of course, let's see, we'll
leave him a few days, no,
we'll leave him a few days and let him come
later, when a few days have passed, let him come. He has
n't arrived yet, I think he's
still on a trip, I know he's coming out. But it'll take
a couple of days to arrive and then
we'll let him, we'll let him, we'll not let him
rest for a few days from the trip and so on. We're
not going to, he can come whenever the
[ __ ] he wants.  if you want Come as soon as he gets off the
plane he's in his house listen to me the [ __ ]
frog man the frog suddenly I see the frog of
course I'm used to the
frog I thought that you guys
had seen it on some occasion the frog
well you Dallas fans haven't
seen it on some
occasion but I'm used to that
when Dallas talks to me Well from
afar I already see the green on the phone you know
from afar He sees the green and it's the it's
the frog he has a frog on but
come on he has it on the frog the frog the
frog I've been seeing it it's not like the
first time that Dallas spoke to me
on WhatsApp he asked Uncle Shur for my phone number
in 2019 and Uncle Shur gave it to him
eh And he spoke to me on WhatsApp and this who the
[ __ ] is he with a frog and it was the day he didn't have
the frog anymore the frog he has never
changed it I mean look at the number
of years that I've been talking to you I'm
used to that when I see the phone
from afar I see that green that is
Dallas
I am I'm used to When I
see and I see the photo of the frog  I see that I
see that it's the d and now suddenly I
see all of Twitter that you get into and it's
with the frog I mean I see all of Twitter
with the green with the green Let's see let's
see the one that scares me always to
get into Twitter because I get something
dick out but see see I see it
now it's calmer the
frog thing okay It's calmer now it's
a little more relaxed
No yes things are more relaxed but
yesterday it was all the notifications Frog Frog Frog Frog Frog Frog frog
the frog
here look what's going on my tern What's going on
my
tern I'm not going to put on the frog myself now let's
see if I put on the frog I
could put on this frog eh it would be great to put on the frog
you would be great to put on
the frog eh but it's that
I it's that if I if I put on the frog they'll take
away my verification I have to
wait a few days should I put it on or what Let's
see it's funny
no but of course you have to realize that I
manage two contents [ __ ] I manage two contents
Okay so all of Twitter
with the frog  all over Twitter with the frog eh
And my chat Let's go eh all over Twitter with the
frog and it's people putting their
profile picture because they thought it was
funny to see Dallas No look here you
see everything green look everything full of
frog and of course I'm used to the fact that that
's on WhatsApp Dallas and now I go into I go
into Twitter and I see a bunch of
frogs I say [ __ ] [ __ ] it seems to me that I
'm on
WhatsApp what's wrong with Turbine with Dallas
now let's see I have to put
day to see This is a tweet from Dallas that
says restaurants are the most
popular scam there is in this [ __ ]
century you pay 30 or 100 the
real value of the food they
serve you badly it's better to eat at home and with more
quantity the waiters are [ __ ] fake
smiling waiting to see if you give them
money but what the [ __ ] is this t from
Dallas but what the [ __ ] are you from Dallas let's see
there will be a restaurant that let's see this
restaurant is [ __ ] But also
literally
not restaurants are a scam but
my friend delox who promoted 20 scams
pyramid schemes Oh really Oh really the
turbo
plan Oh really Artur Oh really it's that I'm
already getting this thing they're special they're
special let's see the
restaurants are a scam says Dallas
Hey let's see my son Welcome to the
world of hospitality no welcome to Oh wait
a minute Welcome to the world of
hospitality let's see they charge you it's not that they
charge you for three or for 30 whatever the
food is worth there's a worker who
is serving it to you there's a cook who
is making it for you
eh There's a place no that you have to
pay that's what it is No but apart from that
anyway let's see which
restaurant fails I really like
eating out the
truth But well that also depends on
each one there are
times when you can leave and there are times when
you can and it's less worth it
Javi If you saw the thumbnail that
Ricky put up you'd be amazed but then he deleted it But
David I've seen that and it's false I've
seen that and it's
false that can't be Real
obviously In fact I've seen people
who were taking it seriously on
Twitter  complaining man kintu what's up
handsome I've seen people who were
throwing it in Ricky's face on Twitter and
there were people
laughing at her let's see how are you going to believe that but come on the first thing is like Ricky is going to put a piece of penis in a thumbnail kid let's see for those who don't know it's a meme that someone made someone is putting it on Twitter and it's a
supposedly Ricky uploads a video taliu a
kiss supposedly Ricky uploads a video
in which he gives her
e or rather he uploads a photograph of Lolly fan of
Lali and he says imitating photographs of me of
my ex and now he puts a photograph of
Lali eating a song that is from
suly no I mean it's a real photograph of
her eating an ice cream no and
Ricky appears with a banana with a banana
imitating it man it's not going to happen How is he going to
upload that kid let's go it's not
going to happen no way it's against
the rules besides surely of youtuber
but 100% eh it is against the rules
but 100%
eh Let's watch the video the video the end of
Juan Guarnizo okay let's see I'm the cook
Well the video empathy 33
minutes debunking
[Music]
Juan damn it's a story it's not a
story the video is that I didn't know if we could
divide it into
extracts we could divide it into
extracts we
couldn't divide it into extract let's see let's see the the the
parts Hi Javi I've been
offline kisses kiss tarantula let's see I think
this would be an
extract
until the Ari thing I think it would be an
extract okay okay Let's see let's
see the context no first which would be the
whole
story I understand not the story part
of the story or or roughly no how do you
say no between Dallas and the
relationship that she's had with Juan and Ari
during all this time which was during
a bad time then good and then bad
again let's see this first part let's
see empathy is something that you have to
exercise So let's do it
listen to that sound that sound that you
're hearing right now is the
sound with which Juan
cognizant gets up on the couch and listen to this
sound let's listen and  let's pay
attention someone who wakes up every
morning on their couch listening to
this sound upstairs is not a
person who is right in the head I am I am
the c a person who definitely ca
n't be healthy and that is Juano one
of the most fake people I have ever
had the misfortune to see but that has
been a very personal attack
[Music]
No
no Let's see is that he is telling him that the
relative [ __ ] every day no I mean
he is
calmly let's see a very
personal attack for my taste that a very
personal attack okay thing is the Cook joke
and I laugh a lot at the Cook thing eh I
mean I laugh a lot with the Cook thing
because it's really funny no and I laugh a
lot with memes for example the other
day Juan was playing a game and he
got one on a roulette wheel that like he gives his
girlfriend away for free things like that No but man
already this that I mean you're saying that
today the relative cheats on him
regularly every day I
mean it's not relevant it's not very
relevant it's not very relevant let's see there is
a confirmed infidelity  okay there is a
confirmed infidelity which is the one with
gref it is clear it is clear
8 or 9 years ago I
crossed
paths in my entire life with a guy who was putting little smiles in my face he was making requests to me I was literally crying what does Yoli say why do I get ads if I am a member Raquel welcome a kiss let's see is that in reality the fact that they make you a
member they take away your
ads the fact that you become a member they take away your
ads because it should it
should be like that but I don't know I know that in t it
is that but here here we have not
invented it that it is like that eh It doesn't sound familiar to me
2018 was 6 years ago not eight Ivan I have
told you more or less above it
seems to me that that is one thing
eh Let's see I am not going to defend
fidelity or whatever or or whatever c whatever
Juan okay But in the end for me Look at my
opinion of Juan and Ari with gref it
is not the fact in itself that Ari cheated on
Juan with
gref in the end that  it's a
couple thing and we are nobody to
decide and to
know why it's worth it And well And to
assess whether it has to be forgiven or not it's
worth it I think that there are many couples who
forgive each other for infidelity because maybe
I don't know maybe you can want to forgive her I would
n't forgive it okay What I see as
worse It's not that I forgive or don't forgive the
infidelity because in the end well he has
forgiven her it's supposed to not have
happened again no no there have not been any more infidelities what
happens is that then
Luis ardo came out saying that there were at
least three or four infidelities
so I don't know Mauricio a
kiss you know what but yes yes it is an
infidelity yes it is an infidelity and Juan
has decided to forgive her that is a
couple thing and what about
but but the issue is that the issue what
I see as criticizable what what
I see the most worse okay about the issue
of those horns what I see the worst
is the issue of Juan collaborating with gref
while gref makes fun of him that's what
that I see more
pathetic that's what I see more
pathetic I mean to me the fact that a
couple H that one has been unfaithful to the
other 6s years ago and it hasn't happened again, they
forgave him and it hasn't happened again
Well those are things those are mistakes they are
young H Jai Remember that Juan has
a bed much more expensive than yours and
much more comfortable Hahaha Good live
yesterday about Daniel Sancho
Thank you very much Tomorrow another eh tomorrow another we will be
covering the subject it is what I
tell you in the end they are things of couples
we are nobody I mean it's their life
life is lived once young people
also make mistakes okay that also has to
be it has to be on the
table now another thing is that the guy is and
from what Dallas is saying that
every morning he continues to cheat on him
and the guy eats it So he is
spoiled okay But well in the case
that he forgives or not the
infidelity I see that as a thing of
couples and that you will have a reason Hey and if
maybe Juan has also cheated
on her  and that's why now he forgives him I
know okay But the thing is, the thing is that
for fame, for collaborations, for
money whatever, he starts collaborating
with the people who have cheated on him,
with whom his girlfriend has slept with, you
know? That's what I find
most humiliating and most pathetic And the thing is that
apart from that, Gref laughs, I mean, Gref
laughs at Juan publicly on numerous
occasions and he laughs because he knows that
Juan knows about the
infidelity
that I would defend him Wait a second
I'm going to the bathroom I'll be right back suddenly it
seems that a couple of days ago his wife
took his ball prison away And suddenly they
swelled up and he started insulting me
for free in a Stream if that
mess hadn't happened and that
[ __ ] hadn't gotten involved lying
about things that I had never made
public and today's video You're going to see
how this guy is a big liar
because as much as he likes to lie and
insult me ​​in his Stream and say a
lot of nonsense today I'm going to
show you the real conversations in
which  he put himself in and not only him but
also a special guest that you are going to
see next wait because
you are going to pull your hair out when you see
part of the video they started criticizing
those same friends who now
suddenly become friends
again friends that in their day stopped being
friends Because they criticized that Juan Solo
was dedicating himself to hanging out with
Spaniards too Juan my bed is the
best gref lo sec smiling face with
sunglasses Thanks friend Ase like
auron Play prepared because in
today's video if even today there
was someone capable of defending
Juan cucknizo You are going to see
definitely how this guy has no
credibility whatsoever he is a
compulsive liar and I mean this
on a pathological level because he knew
perfectly well that I was going to deny him
and anyway he lied
Anyway be prepared because the
conversations that I am going to bring out
demonstrate that the garbage accusations
that this guy has made about me are
totally false he is a
compulsive liar and also a guy who has no
shame one of the
most opportunistic and false people  with which I
have the misfortune of crossing paths and I
truly tell you You're going to freak out
prepared because it's coming loaded and You're
also going to freak out with the plot twist at the
end of the video I c okay
okay
cool to tell you that the subscriptions
have been made only the veterans facelifts with
today's video first of all I have to say that I am extremely
surprised by this
gratuitous attack that Juan has made me
considering that the last time I
mentioned him it was literally to attack
the people who were attacking him for the
death of his
sister well let's
see it was literally to attack the
people who were watching him Anyone who
says something bad to Juan
guarnizo about his sister is
a [ __ ] psychopath I hate this guy
for multiple reasons that I've already
mentioned but attacking him for the
death of his sister or getting into
that subject is being [ __ ] sick and
that's it okay great Yeah let's see perfect
I totally agree with this
tweet but I understand
perfectly I understand that Juan
refers to Dallas in those terms
like let's see you didn't say it either
He also hasn't called him an abuser or a rapist or anything like that, in other words, he called him an idiot, eh. How did Dario say welcome to him, he called him an idiot and he said three or four derogatory words, in other words, he referred to him in a derogatory tone, which is the same tone
in which he talks about him. So,
the thing about him referring to him in
those terms seems fine to me. What happens
is that what Juan said in that extract
that we saw
M is a lie, it's a lie, it's a lie, both
about his fight with those guys and how he
suddenly didn't explode and
attack because of his
sister's death, which I still find
sincerely horrible, despite the fact that the
guy dedicated himself to insulting me in
such disgusting ways, I find it
horrible the people who dedicated themselves to
accusing him and attacking him because of
his sister's death, nobody asked me to
do this tweet. But I did it anyway. I
had the empathy for him that he never
had with me when the other thing that happened to me happened to me
and despite that, I subscribe to the
people who dedicate themselves to saying that amount
of nonsense to  he Because he will be muo a
loved one are really sick people
and I'm really surprised that Juan has
dedicated himself to attacking me recently man
better tck the one who put the girlfriend the woman
no Why are we going to fool ourselves better
put this to put
e How hot I am And what good tits I
have also lying in such a
stupid way because I am literally going to
deny absolutely all the
nonsense that he said but nuo surprises me
that he does it right after I have
not mentioned him for a long time and on top of that I
have even defended him recently in
fact I have defended him more than
his own wife has done which I
remind you that his wife took the opportunity to
upload a
photo
on Instagram
too but it was on Twitter no I mean she
put it everywhere in everything I mean she put it on
Twitter on Instagram and on Facebook
also saying how hot she was the
same day that he announced just 4
hours after Juan
announced You want that unfortunate eh how
little sticking that his sister had passed away
Ari was uploading a photo to Instagram
with a caption that is about a
song by featherweight that talks about a
boyfriend who is Cook I am not in agreement  joke I'm
the cook and then the chick started
saying that it was all scheduled, that they
were scheduled posts But this
was easily disproved When you simply
saw that this lady had dedicated herself to
giving likes and posting comments from people
telling her how hot she was and then
turning it all around to turn it into an
excessive egocentrism, if it had
been before I would understand but it was after,
[ __ ], 3 hours after your boyfriend,
that your husband is okay, put that tweet
Well, the truth is that the defender of abusers doesn't fit
Gameplays, let's see about things
from the past What the [ __ ] saying that it was
going to be her birthday So
literally Juan
cognistat here for you that your wife but
for some reason you decide that it's a good
idea to attack me on top of something that you
know I'm going to deny you and get
ready because it's coming strong again
I'm very surprised because I could have
made a video of a lot of
disgusting things that you've dedicated yourself to doing
during this last time for
which I haven't even given you the slightest
importance and I haven't dedicated any
video to you about things like for example
that you have dedicated yourself to making yourself
good guy criticizing another garbage
streamer who started criticizing
Mexicans in a totally
disgusting and xenophobic way but you forgot
that you have a huge amount
of tweets saying terrible things about the
people
of peru but now he is let's
see for me it's not that he has these
tweets about the people of Peru okay because
this is from 2013, I mean man, 11
years ago, okay, [ __ ], 11 years ago, yes,
okay that for me too, the powerful thing
is the click of Juan treating
the
Spanish the same way, of course This is super
old This is hyper mega
old, I mean, these t that I'm telling you, I mean, you
know they're from 11
years ago but the point is that Juan, I mean, the
point is that Selin, no, he didn't make a
comment against Mexicans as such, it
was against the fan of Mexicans
so Juan had made the same type
of comment about the Spanish and
Twitter Spain is the most moralistic of
all, something similar to what your
friend or ex-friend villin did, which you didn't
have any  problem in leaving her
sold when you saw that everyone
was against her, she could have made a
video about this garbage
Minecraft series that you released in which you wanted
people to work for 8 hours
a day without even doing Stream Something
that many people considered a
kind of enslavement on your part, she
could even have made videos about
how you had very obvious relationships
with that hard-to-see chick who
stated in a later interview that she had
been with a streamer with a girlfriend,
you've hooked up with some influencer with a
partner. Hey, hard to see, he said to me, I
think that she doesn't seem
ugly to you, do you think she's ugly? I would say, I wouldn't say that she's ugly,
I wouldn't say that she's ugly, eh, she's pretty,
not hard to
see, she's quite cool, she's not ugly, I've
seen her in
person, eh, I ran into her at the movies one
day, she's not ugly, she's not ugly, she's a bit of a vibe, she's a bit of a
vibe, let's see, she's not my type, she's not
my type, she's not my type, she's not my type, what do I mean, she's not
ugly at all, she's not
ugly  But well the case eh Let's see These
are rumors okay there are I don't know to
what extent Eh yes to tastes colors but
the girl is not bad
e These are rumors that exist I don't know
to what extent this can be true or
not
but it is something that is talked about okay
esp said that also in that contest and
behind the record what I
can tell you I have not given you the news or
anything like that Because obviously I do
not have I do not have I do not have or I mean I do not have
the confirmation okay there are times when I have been
able to give you news that I have
completely confirmed but that
as such it is talked about but I don't know if it is like that
but apparently it has its has its
story a streamer with a girlfriend you have
hooked up with some influencer with a
partner and you can clearly see the face
Ari made when he came when you
two are celebrating and hugging I could have
made a video about that also about how
you collected your karmic debt but no no
H video
of that There is so much garbage that you
have gotten yourself into that I could have made a video
and of T I smelled prettier yes ar I
agree news attack in Madrid Ari
Look  cuena Toy but sender the
attack in Madrid is a joke it's not a joke
no I mean don't [ __ ] with me It's that
they recently threatened with an attack in
Madrid yesterday or the day before
yesterday I agree I don't
agree no no I think she's prettier Let's
see I don't like comparisons let's see I don't care
nonsense [ __ ] I
find the esp prettier I find
the
SP prettier I confirm Of course Yes yes yes let's see it's not
that Ari is ugly but Ari doesn't seem to me
Why is she Andalusian Javi But well
because well that of course I mean
eh what an Andalusian has she won't have it
people from elsewhere won't have it
but come on
but she is prettier she is let's see she's
better and for the only one that I've
mentioned to you lately is on
top of it to defend yourself the people who
are attacking you masio esp Hey but let's see are we
going to appear here on Twitter
these from the Let's see we're not going to start
a beauty contest here we're
talking about the characters we're
talking about in the video
Javi today I met Francua Don't tell me Omar well he must be on his way to El Hormiguero right now because tonight he's on El Hormiguero tonight he's on El Hormiguero So you might have seen him not in Madrid yes he's here he's been here since yesterday he's been in Madrid since yesterday he arrived
yesterday that's why I spoke to him I spoke to him last
night I spoke to Fran
I can't really give my opinion about myself because they're
threatening me again
true even from your own wife I'm the
[ __ ] and oh you found the moment to
insult me ​​and attack me also for an issue
in which I defended you in the past
well You're going to freak out before you see it I'll
give you a little bit of context for those of you who
don't have the slightest idea about my
relationship with this Cook How
exactly did my relationship with Juan
cucknizo and his girlfriend Ari begin the defender of the
accusers Gameplays well I didn't know
Who either of these two
losers were but basically they both
dedicated themselves to each other for a mon also this
clown was giving it a like okay This is
what I got in the video that  they have
taken no eh eh tremendous tremendous it's
tremendous and I discarded things I think eh I think I
discarded things well I think this has been
taken from our
video but just in
case I already recommend the video
okay in case someone hasn't
seen it I recommend that you watch it because
here is the whole complete story okay let's
see complete it's not 100% of what they have
said to each other but well
More or less the story is perfectly understood
eh
say good
afternoon
a glazier who has been
wrong a lot of time in various
streams and twits to say a lot of
false accusations against me you know
the typical ones that people love to
say just because that I'm a jerk that I
hope I get fired at work blah blah blah
blah the first time I saw Ari the
search engine defender Gameplays Yes
but kcu threw my grandmother it was in
this clip here where she was saying
the following let's listen to it who
pisses me off the most that's on Twitch and it disgusts me
and when I see it I want to  throw up it
repulses me disgust Dallas I don't know what the
[ __ ] AC is on Twitch it's that yes
Exactly it's like he comes to Twitch literally to
bring his little show not even this clip
this clip is tremendous
eh
Because he says no no it's that he comes here to
bring his little show and it's like [ __ ] but
if in this time you guys also did
your little shows he
reacted to windy's videos he
messed with her he messed with a lot of
people man they are the [ __ ] right here
they are criticizing Dallas I mean they
are criticizing another one who comes to
criticize criticizing to play or to talk like
that with his people he does not come to fight Yeah
Exactly the two clowns who
dedicated themselves to harassing windy in his day and
many other streamers talk about that I
went to Twitch to fight no friends fy continue
wait for me it doesn't seem fair to me
windy Gear killed me Okay wait I just took
down windy just took me
down Don't [ __ ] around
let me talk I'm going on
YouTube it disgusts me but  you said well it
may be different and come here talk
to their people but it's not the
same Look bother there to see no So that
on one platform you have to
do something different than the other
is that I do not understand the point another
extra clip that I forgot to mention where
they put more [ __ ] on me for the
very expensive tchá of psychopathic sexist
oppressor see it Ah me ah what did I tell you that he
said that because they are going to hit me what I have
told you a thousand times I already told you that I
can for whatever I want what happened to you
Not since sista is here I put up with you You already
look like Dallas [ __ ] mother is a
psychopath and you are also a sociopath a
psychopath the point is that these pair of
clowns were canceling him for
2020 due to a controversy that I no longer know and
I was seeing each other do V regarding
that issue the point is that a
mutual friend put us in contact saying
that in reality they always watched my
videos and that it is worth a
mutual friend a
mutual friend  They really liked my content and
wanted to publicly apologize to
which I accepted. They apologized
stating that they had slandered me, they had
called me a lot of terrible things
in the past, an apology that I
simply accepted and it could have
stayed there but not them. They joined me out
of self-interest, they invited me to
several streams in which I participated, they featured me
in their videos because it was
obviously convenient for them to join me
and on several occasions Juan
literally cried to me so that I would
defend him, basically that's why they
asked me for forgiveness because they knew that their
attitude of harassers and bullies that they had
had in the past and that they continue to have to
this day with many
other people was not justified,
but the differences between other people They
had no means or way to
expose them as they have been exposed in
this last year, which is why they began a
friendship, so to speak, as false as
possible, which ended in 2021
when I finished seeing that basically they had
not only joined me out of self-
interest but that on top of that they were putting
[ __ ] about me behind my back, something that I did not
confirm until recently. And by
the way, I'm going to say something else every  day that
passes I am more sure that it was Juan
cognizant of abusers Gameplays the
reason why Twitch
totally illegally and breaking our
contract canceled my Twitch Partner,
something that they were looking forward to For quite some
time I will talk more about
it below ch that how how how how how how
in quotes as false as possible
with me which ended in 2021 when
I finished seeing that basically they had not
only joined me out of
interest but that they were also putting
[ __ ] about me behind my back, which I did not
confirm until recently And by the
way I am going to say something else every day
that passes I am more sure that it was
Juan
cognizant of abusers Gameplays the
reason why Twitch
totally illegally and breaking our
contract canceled my Twitch Partner,
something he said was the czu I did
n't see the point of coku from
day one but not for
nothing but not for nothing but it could
also be coku because koku has that
power surely okay but it was
uploading the was uploading the video of or rather it was
uploading the same day the video of  of czu
and after a while they took away his
Partner however the video that
Dallas made about Ari cheating on
Juan was two or three days before and that's when it
fits because it's the time to
manage it Okay so for me it was
for me it was these people for me it was
these people they do deny it and they
have always denied it but of course
seeing the fuss they always make with
reporting banning I don't know what I mean eh They have already
done it on other
occasions that they were looking forward to For
quite some time I will talk more
about it below if you want to
find out more about this whole
story I recommend you watch the many
videos that I have dedicated to both of them here
on the channel since last year So you can
see the kind of false people that
both are and have that power Let's see nar calia
is that the issue is
that on Twitch there is a rule that you
cannot mess with others who have a
Partner, I mean, one Partner cannot
mess with another Partner of course and there you have it,
what are the standards on what standards a
Partner cannot mess with another
Partner is that at that time
Dallas was messing with tokis At
that  moment Dallas was
messing with Ali he was messing with
El Rubius he was messing with
him he messed with a bunch of people who
were Partner and Partner so who's who who
reported her find out you
know it could be anyone it
could be anyone right it was very
risky but it's not that it's risky it
's that we the content that we have
is to criticize gossip we get involved but
apart from that Where is the standard Where is
the standard that a Partner cannot
mess with another Partner because apart from that
if I find out something about another that
seems wrong to me I can't
put it one thing is to criticize and another is to
invent but Rafael with whom did he
invent it I understand that maybe if you
do it in a bad way or whatever
yes they might pull your ear in
the insults of course there it is I mean for
me in Ari's video in the video that he
made to Ari in tardeo he had bad form eh
I remember especially some drawings and
memes that I said [ __ ] this no dude and
there I understand it there I understand that they
pull your ear but that they
hit you  a tug on the ear not a touch a
strike but taking off your panne in Dry I
also see it very very too much because
in the end people can fight, it can get
heated, it can be such So I
imagine that there would probably be
a cluster of complaints from other
people however you know what there are a
lot of people who talk nonsense and don't
know it But you know that on YouTube that is
allowed by the
rules
the best one also said things just as
brutal but if they don't report it well
the best one reported it
Cristinini the issue is whether they report you or
not that is the issue but you know that on
YouTube it is allowed by the
rules I mean if for example I go and
say that Dallas seems like a
pig to me and His content is garbage you
can
say let's go the other day in fact I
saw a test some things that I was
here studying from YouTube and all
and sasel reported the praise and TT ignored it
Hey I have to watch that gossip man but
today I don't I don't know if I have time because at
9 I want to do live on telesalseo
and This  this is going to be long, we
still have a lot of work to do, they
shouldn't allow it David, let's
see, it's not allowed to a certain
extent, I mean, one thing is that I here
commit a hate crime or make some
insults, what can I tell you? I mean, they
can put an age restriction on you or
for example, that I stand here
insulting people for their
physical condition, for their disability, for their race, okay,
that kind of thing, the platform doesn't allow it,
okay, I mean, for example,
homophobia, racism, that you insult
someone because they're fat, things like
that, the platform doesn't allow it, but
when I say insult because they're fat,
I mean a serious insult in an
aggressive way. I mean, that you make a
dark humor joke because someone is
fat or whatever, you may feel
better or worse but it's not against the
rules Mauro, a kiss, I mean, YouTube in
that sense, uh, the rules allow it, uh,
because I was watching it the
other day
because I was making a fuss about a
test, I know, a kiss, one thing that I was
doing with the gesture is that I can't, I would
n't know how to explain it, but oh well, it doesn't
matter, it doesn't matter, it's with one of the
Editors  that I was doing some
Channel thing and we were trying out some
things and we had to do a test and in
the test they also gave you several examples
and it also said you
say Laura says to Lorena you're a
pig I don't know what I don't know how much and your
content is garbage and
the
rules allow it what the rules don't allow
is eh Well hate content So
you insult
someone because I don't know I
think you understand me no I think you
understand me
no
things and within the context and within
context forget of course the times
in which Gameplay dedicated himself to defending
kku an abuser who abused an
unconscious girl took one out on him but in twi No
to what we were going to okay hate For reasons
that give way to him s clear topic racism topic
collective oppressed topic you know but
black is not an insult already isac it is not an
insult if you are saying it
describing someone if you are
saying it to denigrate to insult
stop says imagine I can't
say but imagine that says pune of m
there yes that is
prohibited let's go prohibited maca  a kiss They
put an age restriction on you it has to
be very serious very very
serious for it to be against the
community standards it has to be something
super heavy what you say you understand me it
has to be something super
heavy like that If you have a vocabulary or sen
or whatever they can take away your
monetization or they can take you Eh they
can put an age restriction on you but
as such I had the rules In that
sense they are more
permissive photo without clothes and spread it
among his friends after having
had relations with her being
totally unconscious and Ari said yes
but ccu my grandmother threw it stop
bending over things from the past let's see
Let yourselves be caught up in things from the past
What the [ __ ] but sometime coscu
friend and at the same time after
coscu had dedicated himself to saying about
Ari what you tovic I love you but how rich
tovic he responded with it's very
picantovich I'm the cook however the
chocas did Exactly the same and he
started to say how can he say that
no the chocas didn't do that Eh well let's see
the chocas didn't do it let's
see that chocas thing in the end it was denied,
I mean, the chocas thing about What a good tit it was
a fake tweet was fake it was proven to
be fake But anyway the point is
Ari himself thinking it was real said she would
feel uncomfortable the next time she
saw chocas chocas I feel so
uncomfortable I don't see the need for you to
come tell me good boobs I get
uncomfortable at some point Yes because it's
someone I know in person Yes of course
exactly Silver even if it's faith or whatever it
is true lie she got offended
yes listening from the couch in her
house give this to your friend yes yes yes yes I would
give it to him I want to give it to him for a
while eh I have one saved there your girlfriend
well well explained this
origin story of villains is that it is the best that cli
dude is that cli how could it
be let's move on to what
my Juan cognizant said recently and we
are going to deny absolutely everything
let's see first and now I present the
evidence First of all a little
context What is he talking about
here for the year 2021  he separated from his
lifelong friends they were basically
another series of Latino streamers among
them the failed stalker of Death
another disgusting guy who dedicated himself
to rejoicing that at one time you
unfairly deleted me if you have memes of the
closure of the Dallas channel
pass them more than 240 bits for my
favorite handsome grandfather and for the kaco 4
Love cause kako 4 Love much Thank you friend
YouTube channel and kbi my job was lost
exactly the same attitude that
this garbage character and his
wife arila defender ladores Gameplays have the same attitude
this scum has and what they
always go for is ROM the work of others the same they
did with windy in his day basically
getting her banned from
Facebook let's
see me in this fight sincerely
windy's ban was against the rules
okay windy
no windy wouldn't have cared about
banning Ari either in fact he was trying
So here I can't tell you
host it's that windy
reported he constantly carried Ari
windy was doing He kept making
threads on Twitter so that  they will remove
Ari I mean this was a fight between the
two of them my life are really mean and mean people
who will harass what they
consider the competition or literally
anyone they
feel attacked by for any reason
well in 2021 this guy and the other
guy started to dist congratulate Cody
RS who finally finished his story
by defeating the powerful tribal chief
Roman reign index finger up
but it's a troll no you're not going to laugh at
me it
wasn't they go to two and something else Yes
well what can I tell you the truth
windy was also going too far off his
rocker eh saying that he was with
the most investigating the
Bots And why did they
originally distance themselves Juan cucknizo was the
guy who made the thumbnails for this
other guy the thumbnails for the
YouTube videos as a result of that he gained
quite a bit of fame within the circle this
and Ari who is dating Juan
is dating another streamer known
at that time he is always jumping from
streamer to streamer Why will it be and
while she was with Juan Kun did she was
with gref more than confirmed information
for many people I already feel like
tanos the meme of they called me crazy
they said I had gone crazy No
man that is known, I mean let's see
people deny it because they tell you they
have no proof of that and it's like let's see what
proof they want about that
Damn but yes eh really I was
right from the damn beginning Ari
was with gref and she cheated on
guarnizo with gref But well let's get
down to business the thing is that
Juan cizo is fighting with these
friends of his because it turns out that Juan
cizo was spending all his time with
auron Play And why is he spending all his
time with auron Play Well
basically because it suited him all their
lives are put together for convenience one
after the other and this
started to bother his other friends Ari had
another
streamer partner yes María I don't know if he is a streamer
now
yes but as such at that time he was a
youtuber I don't know if he was a streamer eh I don't I don't
know if there because maybe he was a
streamer too I know that guy the
aking was the kid from My little pone  Do
you remember the kid from My Little Pony
who doesn't see how the subject blew up
enough to start criticizing him,
making a bunch of bad taste jokes
against him and basically getting together in the
middle of a Stream with thousands of people
watching, basically getting
together to throw [ __ ] at me, I
'll never understand it, well, let's see what
TR says now years after these
events but also it wasn't as
heavy as we remember it, I think the most I
saw were those two live shows I think What a
need to lie, man, and say
something different from what you already said, man
Why, man, it was what it was, I mean,
don't talk about the subject and that's it, don't bring
up the subject and now why do you even start
saying this, I mean, the clip, the
Juan clip is ours We had a fight
but
[Music]
no, but no, it
wasn't that bad, no, well, it got
worse but because of Dallas, it got worse because of Dallas,
it was
because of Dallas that it got worse, yeah, yeah, it
wasn't that bad, it was because of Dallas, yeah, yeah,
man, man, what do I tell you? Let's see, are you
laughing at the likes? Why, what
is it?  what's up with the likes
eh 436 Likes [ __ ] embarrassing [ __ ]
embarrassing like guys
436 little thing
eh little thing
eh but it's like saying that he didn't
thank Dallas for the video or that he didn't
talk to Dallas or that he didn't want to
talk to Dallas and it's like man [ __ ] you do
n't know Since Dallas
brings it up you don't know Since D is
going to bring it up to you
balls already off camera I think the
thing was too calm
I remember I was on vacation
precisely and then this guy The one who
had absolutely nothing
to do with it releases a video of that Wow I did
n't have a [ __ ] thing to do
wait because soon You're going to laugh
But also exactly because I have
absolutely nothing to do with a topic
that is public you think that any
person with a voice and vote cannot
clearly give an opinion on any topic that
happens publicly now The problem
is me who spoke about it publicly and
defended you from your friends at that time which is
true it is true D is
dressed as
Francoa it is true it is true he
has the  cosplay weren't
criticizing but expected now
the tests come and they come strong
that now are the occasions that all the
people go and throw them have you heard He
is complaining that because I made
a video
defending him That causes
everyone V to throw them listen to this
well that it is going to get strong when
the tests and here he insults me if that
mess had not occurred and that one had not gotten involved
something else would have been
if I had not that I flip par I want
how are you Thank you very much for becoming a
member I mean if dasas had not gotten
into the fight It would have been
different his balls I mean if let's see
what the [ __ ] affects see what the [ __ ] would affect
if Dallas had gotten involved like he had
not gotten involved or rather absolutely
zero absolutely zero when Dallas
already makes the video and already gives his opinion on that
the fight was already more than gestated I mean
absolutely zero absolutely
invented involved it would have been something else he says
And on top of that he calls me an idiot let's keep
listening that you are going to laugh What I
tried to make very clear to them
because I remember  that those days that
guy asked me to talk This is for them
because I know they're going to see it okay all
these friends who right now are
believing all this garbage You're going to see
below chats that you haven't seen
previously and see how Juan Cizo
explains it to you later and what exactly
you're going to get into to continue with your
group of friends now that Auron Play
no longer wants to hang out with Juan Guarnizo and
you're the only group of people he has
left let's see how he explains it to him
later wait it's coming strong it
makes me Thank you very much this part where he
says that I was asking him to talk
is totally false literally I went to
look for him and I wasn't asking to
talk at any time because I
remember that those days that guy asked me to
talk Imagine I told him bro The
last thing I want on my vacation is to
dedicate TR hours to you the literal truth is he's
making it all up that conversation
never happened literally never in his
life But this is worse I want you to see
the level of falsification I disgusting that
this guy has who was pretending to be a very good
friend of mine
saying What a nice frame we eat him
the mouth to Dallas let's see is to give more
exposure to the conflict
inevitably people are going to go but oh well
but oh well H but oh well let's see listen to me
but let's see if everyone is commenting on it
So what happens that
dasas can't comment on it How's the
move I mean you don't have to have anything to
do with the subject to be able to comment on it I mean
how many subjects do I comment on a day that
I have nothing to do with Well
all of them I don't have to do with any of the ones
I comment on Well
not all of them
friend
[Music]
how
kids prepare your
fingers there are
50 50 eh
50 50 subscribers left on the
main channel 50
who are going to press it right now You're going to
stop right now running for a moment
the live show don't stop it you do it like this for a
moment you lower it down and you go
okay to reach
509,000
509,000 subscribers on the
main channel right now okay And in the
salsería there are 600 missing to reach
310,000 okay  600 is already more complicated
but but those
50 those 50 from the main Channel
we could get them right now while I
send you a kiss okay Javi oliveira
my main channel
subscribe but we are on your
main channel Javi it ​​would be this would be my
main channel If it had 3000 members
like
before 3000 members like
before but not anymore you are not
capable of [ __ ] you have to
give them all away the good guy they
give you the 3000 members and then you
are not able to renew it we are now
at 1600 1700
members this was not what it was Eh
This was not what it was the
least I wanted to talk about
Julian just gave away
50 my goodness Julian who are you out of here
what do you do with your free time I
can suck your whole
[ __ ] 50 members just gave away a
certain Julian p how spicy
But anyway Julian a kiss Martin Hello
Javi, apart from the Dallas subject, she looks
very good now after her surgery I
loved your trip to Thailand have you
seen her have you seen her  king
a kiss Belén gorgeous Thank you very much
Martin thank you very much for the super chat have you
seen the series did you like it Today Fran goes
to Hormiguero we will watch it we will watch it
Well I will watch it later I will watch it when I
finish work at night I will watch it
already recorded
and let's see Dallas I have thought I don't know if you
will agree Martín you who are an
expert
in you who are an expert in aesthetics
[Music]
okay a beard suits him better it's that
in general I think that almost all
men look better with beards a
little bit a little bit a little bit even if it's
Sabes's I loved it I saw it all
thanks very handsome you are very much loved
Martín I think that a beard in
general on men makes us have a better
face cut it stylizes us a little better
okay And and honestly Well I think it suits him okay
a beard suits him better and
his eyes don't look so droopy Yes do you
think it's noticeable Martin Let's see Lisa
a kiss because I am interested in that
surgery eh do
you think I think it is still not
appreciated eh or literally never in
life but this do you think so man I
think it still has to e  What would be
the
opposite word inflame I see it
Exactly the same no it's not Exactly the
same it's not Exactly the same what
happens is when you see a person
Every day on video every day
on video I mean to you guys it seems like
I'm the same as I was 4 years and three ago and they
see me in the videos And you say [ __ ]
What's happened to you what's happened to you well
three or four little things have happened to me and
time yes it's true eh I would say that yes it's
possible that his eye is starting to look
a little more No but I can tell you that I
still see the whole
part of the eyelid a little swollen and I think it
could be a matter of
we're about we're about
509 4 years ago you were more handsome no no no no no I
think I'm better
now yes but it happens to you with all the
youtubers eh if you see if you watch
youtube videos two years ago two years ago you
notice the changes over time because with
time you change you're fatter
thinner more beard less
beard but I think
Martin I think it's not the definitive
result
yet  see how long ago the
operation was in November I remember
I was in Barcelona the first of
December the first of December was I don't know
if it was the 20th peak of November or at the
beginning of December we're talking
Since it's been a while eh it's been a
while
now Dallas's eyelid is already
dark but his eyes are less droopy
watch an old video of Dallas and you
'll
realize man let's see do it has it
done ao has it
done how is it guys I wanted to do this
video editing do
you think Mart let's see has it
done to me it seems that his
eye is more visible I don't know how to
tell you it's worse I want you to see the
level of disgusting falsification that this
guy has who was pretending to be a very good friend of mine
saying oh yeah friend how are you and it
turns out that the last thing he wanted was to
talk to me on vacation and look how he
talks about me eh he's strong The
last thing I want on my vacation is to dedicate
TR hours to you the truth at that moment we didn't even dislike each other
supposedly supposedly
says but what I tried to make
very clear to them At that moment
was like Hey I  I didn't talk to this guy
You're going to live and much less did I ask him to
make a video of this [ __ ] it
was never what I was most worried about
them understanding about that subject because
well no I don't know it didn't make any
sense that it seems false because whether you like it
or not they might think that and I know
that maybe some of them thought it
the guy asked me if I could make a
video of that and I told him yes that's what
some of them thought and no way
well the guy asked me if I could
make a video of that how does it go at what
point does a gossip youtuber ask you for
permission to Hey I can make a video of
this but let's see let's see but
how are they going to ask you for permission to
make a video of I don't know
what how the [ __ ] How the [ __ ] I'm going to ask you for
permission to talk about a video of a
public subject prepared because what's
coming next is coming strong
but first of all I want to make an
incision regarding what he
said look we get along well at that
moment but the only thing I wanted was to
dedicate time to all the people that there are
still very  you idiot who
thinks that at the time
this guy's friendship with me was honest
and sincere see what
this guy was really thinking while he
treated me as a friend in private really
[ __ ] what I was thinking the least I
want is to dedicate 3 hours to this
guy and you gave this literally
weeks after he was
crying for me to defend him And I do
n't need to show you
private comments because you
all saw it Watch a video we made together
where he literally cried for me to
defend him and his girlfriend what they
are making me look good for some
no at all but the image that they
are putting to her no longer deserves it and it
hurts me a lot it hurts me a lot because I don't
know Friends I am sincere it is very ugly I know
what she is like and if she is I don't know I think I
already said it Yeah don't worry don't
repeat it Wait a second don't
worry I'm going to the bathroom I'll come Okay don't
worry what guy
weeks it broke it they broke
Juan it broke it for Juan there yes  he
took off his cap and now he doesn't take it off
Dude because Dallas always wears
Franco cosplay this but let's see Javi
being 100% serious For how much money would you
speak in favor of a youtuber who
is involved in a controversy with
a lot of
media boom for How much money would you speak in
favor of a youtuber who is
involved in a controversy with a lot of
media boom to see if it has a lot of
media boom I would speak Yes or yes no now in
favor but yes I totally
disagree I would not accept money for well let's
see we all have a price if you
hit me 150
bavet it's that let's
see it depends it does
n't depend If I am very
against if I am very against it is that you ca
n't do that because then they will go that
then you I mean there is no way for
you to come up with a defense in something that you
are against one thing is that you for
sympathy and empathy not for not for money
one thing is that you for sympathy and
empathy Well on many occasions you are more
benevolent with some and with others Maybe you
are more aggressive that is something
natural that comes to you
because you are human and they are
human attitudes and that's it Okay, but for
money, saying something that you don't think, damn, that's
left, that's not what you can do, that's very complicated for you to do
because it's not your opinion,
damn, wait a minute, man, I forgot to
send it, I forgot to ask for it in the
news thumbnail because now as
soon as we finish we have
news
[Music]
m today's news What topics were they, man,
Los Fuertes,
wait, today's news
is let's see what the strong topics are, man,
Vegeta.
Ai, the topic is that I left
[Music]
out, let's see Well, I would say
Selin
Selin about her weight, let's see, wait
Javi turboplane to Dallas from
Juan Guarnizo's video, let's see I imagine that the
content of turboplane is based on Dallas
So, on the contrary, when they
release a video it's like,
eh, he's happy, man, I have a topic, I have
a topic, I understand, but
my content is not focused on
Dallas, my content Dallas is a
percentage of my content, not the
controversies of Dallas. Well, yes, I deal with them,
but  no for example yesterday it wasn't a
priority first of all because I was
sick and I spent the whole day sick which I've already
explained no and secondly
because yesterday we had the thing about the
Daniel
Sancho issue what title
man the Dallas controversies are dealt with
but depending on the day well it is I
prioritize the topics and
suddenly Maybe
to help pay the
miniaturer well man I have to 4 without a
miniature today Mauricio Yes it is appreciated it is
appreciated a little more if you want
okay my content look in the
main we are dealing with certain topics
in which in between gossip there is a lot of
ribs Well it is a channel of the heart and
here well they are topics of youtubers yes it
is true that for example today what do we
have from youtubers well today from
youtuber the most we have this
Ah I know okay the title First it was well he
is thinking about
youtuber
wescol collects
cable with ibai but that title will not
wait buco the cable collector with IB
no
hco lowers his head with
ibay
seling leaves the
evening and then [ __ ] I have something here that
bothers me I don't know what the
[ __ ] And then what else What other topic do I put
in the title
nil nil Ojeda
sorry okay I'm going to ask him there in
the thumbnail for a
moment
an
J are you going to continue watching the Dallas video?
Yes yes we
continue but what is that, let's see what
I understand
eh For example a turbo
plan is that Its content is Dallas but I
no longer believe that it is because of the
turboplane issue that we have mentioned many
times, not that one. Its content has to
revolve around Dallas and for me, without more, it is
not going to come out from there, that is why it is not going to
grow and that is why not. Also, then
the opinions that he has are not you know he
is unfounded in what the other
day they sent me, I don't know if it was yesterday
before yesterday in the group of kids
info that he had made a song, I mean now
now there are like some youtubers
who are making like some songs
with like what does the
song of Los pambisitos have to be about how stupid they are
and me, man, you're 50 years old,
balls damn, what do I know,
show your talent, don't show your
imagination, suddenly Make a song and
play with irony, I don't know anyway,
no no, but it has to be about Dallas  of
the pambisitos or of Javi or of I don't know what it's
worth but in the case of Turbo plan,
what I see is that it's not because of the
content as such but because
on many occasions he has done other things
Leon Thank you very much yes I think
that he has taken his
obsession with
dalla personally after starting to cry or
rather pretend to cry so that
I would feel sorry for him and we would all
feel sorry for him and I would defend him
at the same time behind my back I
was thinking Ah the last thing I want
is to dedicate three hours to you the typical
personality of an extreme narcissist who
is incapable of having friends all your
friends are the same I mentioned this in
my video I think basically Juan
is saying no no the last thing I
would want is to spend three hours with you and
it's like but if this interview was
after false that you cannot
maintain a friendship correctly
because you are a very bad person It took me a few
months to realize now
a play took a couple of years without
realizing but in the end everyone
realizes the garbage of  character that you
are and you've all seen how the
guy is commenting on me literally
weeks after recording a video
with me if it's not for him and to
defend him he's not interested I'm the cook
Well let's go see the things
that happened and prepared because the
plot twist is coming well well first
of all the first lie of him
supposedly telling me that he did not
want to dedicate 3 hours of his life to me on
vacation first of all I never
asked him to talk at any time this not
even by WhatsApp which is the
capture of WhatsApp nor by Twitter by the
way a lot of sick people think
that I stopped being friends with Juan C
because he did not want to enter Stardos And this
is totally false in fact this
capture even proves it a month went by
in which he did such Hosting to me regarding
this subject after having told me
that he did want to enter and that's why I
sent it to him for a moment that You're going to have
proof Here is this conversation on
Twitter I sent him the project before
making it public and I told him I would love to
include it if you want and he tells me but
Ari and I entered and only for that reason I
responded and  I sent him the information if he had
said no I wouldn't have
sent him anything anyway
friend Sorry for my response but we
got into it Ar and I how have you been I'll
screw up this
long post I would love to in
February Let me
read it or rather he answers him on
February 12 Let me read it no to something from the
11th and then he answers him on the 18th suddenly it
comes to him it comes to his
mind and he doesn't answer Dalas is lying there
because the capture puts as proof it
talks about the game not about
tardeo
how
[Music]
Ah it's a pretty simple game that
has nothing to do with other projects
that I'm doing at first I'll only
have
10 free spots to Add characters
This is the thing about like Here no here he
's not asking for tardeos
eh here it's gotten complicated No here he's not
asking for
tardeo it's to make a fighting game between
youtubers damn if it says it here he
's asking for it he's asking for the
game
here if it says that he wants to include them
in a fighting game Yes yes yes I
remember this if I wanted  This
game was super cool This was the This
was the thing about that turkey that later
turned out to be a frog do you remember a guy who made
some
animations
Monumental charger Let's
see, I don't know why I put this capture
because this is not what is called tardeo of course I don't
know if higher or lower
they will talk about stardeo this is from February
of 21 But this is about the
fighting game the fighting game Yes
yes with this glitch Turbo has for 100
for 1000 videos Well I don't know if Turbo
has the video for me but
well on Twitter I sent him the project
before making it public and I said I would
love to include it or if you want and he
tells me but Ari and I got involved and
only for that I responded and
sent him the information if he had said
no I wouldn't have sent him anything
anyway the fact that he
ghosted me he just said that they
spoke to him on the phone Javi just
said that they spoke to him on the
phone let's see but I e
anyway I don't know why he posted that
capture the truth is I don't know if he made a
mistake what the [ __ ]  but
anyways let's see for me it seems to me
that Juan and Ari were giving it to him
like
Well we'll see it Well you're in charge no we'll
see it it will be fine for
later when Such when Pascal In
fact in my video I put a clip in
which Dallas
insists okay because in reality it's
a I mean in my video I put a
clip in which Juan donates to him in a Stream
okay already when he sees that Juan donates to him
Juan takes it out by the way I'm confused with the
lateo thing that he's doing that
to put pressure on him like saying
listen to me dude I'm waiting for you to
answer what you told me or
whatever okay if d wanted to manipulate that
capture I wouldn't put the image where you can
clearly see that he was talking about the
game Yes yes now I get the point yes
now I understand the point of
course Let's see let me listen to it
again no but you'll see that anyway
if it's that I think Juan was like he was
going for a decade you send it to me when it wasn't
a resounding yes eh neither eh I mean
Juan's was like Yes  well we will mention it
Here yes Well yes I will see it was something
like that you understand Now Hosting Now yes
now he did not give it a long time it is thought that I
stopped being friends with Juan
cognizin in this regard Well I would say
that Dallas was upset that these people
gave him a long time with the stardeo and that he
would count on the support eh I
do
think about this issue after having
told me that yes he wanted to enter and that's why I
sent it to him for a moment that You're going to have
proof Here is this conversation on
Twitter I sent him the project before
making it public and I told him I would love to
include it if you want and he tells me but
Ari and I entered and only for that yes let's
see I understand that if he had
done it with the intention of manipulating
no eh remove this so that it cannot be seen no but
well Likewise It is that they had
talked about tardeo I mean if in
public there is a in public there are clips
where They talk about tardeo Well we
will support you well we will be there as
you know I responded to him and sent him the
information if he had told me no I would not have
sent him anything equally the
fact  that he ghosted me
afterward, well the truth is that it's ugly
but that wasn't the reason why I got
angry what really made me angry was
finding out that
he or she or both of them were spouting [ __ ] behind other
streamers' backs and that information ended up
reaching me but so you can see and even more
proof after having sent it to him and he did
n't respond to me at all
about it we went a month without talking to each other
after this I'll tell you the exact day
the TR of July 2021 the same day that
he writes to me and the day maybe Juan is a
fake as he calls him friend let's see but
here the issue of this
afternoon thing for me
e Because I didn't go to afternoon either and he
d hasn't told me anything that was just
missing not that I don't want to get into
something or that I don't want to create
content for something and and tell me
something no I mean, for example, at the
time I told him, let's see, for
example, there was a moment that I'm not going to
tell you which one it was in which it was good for me to be
late and I said dude harme  the account that I'm
going to upload some videos because I had to
remove some videos but you were
clear Javi of course that's the point, I mean I
told him Let's see right now I'm
not interested eh creating
new content for another platform because I don't have enough
time to create for the three
channels that I have now if it is if
I take what I told him at the
beginning what I believed and the
same videos I upload them to tardeo
too of course of course I put myself there
and we also upload them on this tardeo
but of course they didn't want I wanted it to
be exclusive content because
of course the storage issue a
platform that is just starting and so on
so I said dude I support you I'm going to
mention you I'm going to let's go I made I don't know
how many videos of the platform
obviously and and all the topics of the
platform I have dealt with but I don't
but I don't have time place to take
and take time from a content of
some of the contents that I already create
I'm not going to take that time to create
another content for a now
new platform It's not for nothing but because I
have no idea what the hell to create differently
or what to be exclusive or  how do you
understand me I mean no, I'm not going to participate
okay And then it occurred to me that I had to
delete some videos from my channels because of
some thing and such okay they
wanted to strike me out and then I
said Now I want my
tardeo account yeah it occurred to me and it wasn't
available you're late I don't know what they're
doing that it's not it's not
available
okay July 6 2021 I released two videos
on my channel which was called I was friends with
Juan Guarnizo's friends and a
video titled the Dead responded to me in
the worst possible way stop following
Juan Guarnizo he was already enjoying me
because since this wasn't something to
basically suck his ass with both
hands then obviously he wasn't
interested alone Well the thing is
that he wasn't interested but it's
nothing wrong with not being
interested in something what you have to be
clear I mean in the end there's nothing
wrong with if you're not interested in something it's not just that you're not interested It's that
for
me for
example let's see It's not that I Well it would
have taken away my time I would have taken away my time  I
create what I already had, I mean, I have a
very busy day, I do
n't have any more work in my day, on the contrary,
I have to select what I
give to what I give priority to during the
day and the content that I give priority to
and Ah and and during the day, well, you start
leaving other content out, you know,
but you tell him Hey, I can't, it doesn't suit me
Right now, look, it didn't
suit me and then, however, there was a
time when it would have been good for me and I
told him, dude, make me the account Arm, the
stardeo channel and it wasn't active anymore, I don't
know what the [ __ ] happened to them that they have this
break that they're not active right now,
no, but that's what it did to me, but I
told him, no, he didn't get angry with me
and he didn't say anything to me that
I know of, let's say with me, it hasn't
changed because I don't participate in that, okay, I
think he felt bad that I didn't
support them in this fight, but I think he
felt bad because they made fun of him I
mean, if you're that yes, what, Cool, Ah,
come on, well, we'll see, come on, no, [ __ ] look  come
on when that starts if it
suits me or if I can upload you
know but tell him clearly or I mean let's
see here there's a very simple thing okay
no the Hosting Okay now I'll tell you
Now no now yes Now no let's see
we are at work this is a
business if you ask me something and
I tell you no it's not a problem You don't have to get
angry each one has to
look out for the good of their business their
channel and such we can do each other favors we do each other
favors we can support each other we
can support each other But nobody is
going to get angry with you because I don't want to participate
in your
platform Either you or you can't get
angry with people because such here what
happened was the basileo of Well yes come on I'm
going no such thing he was
interested in talking to me When he wanted to
cry by the time he was cursing him
and then I came out to defend him if not well
the guy was ghosting me despite
that I defended him as you have seen in at
least two videos that I just
mentioned And probably some more along
the way and the guy answered me on
July 13th so you can see  I
never told him anything about wanting to
talk to him nor did I
send him anything explaining the project, Eli,
because he himself said that he and Ari were into it,
otherwise I wouldn't have sent him
anything, so there you have it, well this, this,
in fact, he forwarded it to a lot of people,
this, in fact, he didn't send it to a lot of people,
first lie completely debunked, I
was never saying anything to him about talking
at that time, nor when I was on
vacation, nor any moment, I hadn't
spoken to him since June 4th and I didn't
say anything to him in between, here we
have to see
is
June 4th, how could I
know? Hello guys, today I wanted to talk to you
about a topic that,
okay,
look, leaving aside the video game,
Okay, let me clarify that,
July 6th, the video of Dallas to the Dead, July 6th,
okay, while while Juan
was on vacation, supposedly, not
according to him, according to the cli, he was on
vacation, okay, Okay, so dasas and Juan have
n't spoken from June 4th to
July 13th, when he was on vacation or at
any time, it's been complete, I
was never telling him and Juan answers, Hello, I
just got back from my vacation, You
had us abandoned  it's good to see you greetings
a kiss IV okay
listen to me Hi friend I just got back from
my vacation Juan has lied Dallas didn't
talk to him during the
vacation, nothing to talk to at that time
or when he was on vacation or any
time I hadn't spoken to him since
June 4th and I didn't say anything to him between the
4th of June but truly true mythomaniac
compulsive liar By the way, for those who don't like me,
this WhatsApp is real, I'm
going to put an audio so you can see
that it is indeed the WhatsApp
and I can prove it, they are not
fake conversations, eh, not days ago
with campaigns anyway it's his voice and this is
all real so you can see that he is a
compulsive liar, the guy knew that
I could deny it and he insulted me anyway. Let's
see, if Dallas is
lying and has deleted Imagine what they
can say about this What
can a turbo plan say that has
deleted messages in between is that
Juan can come out and deny it and attack me for
free live, I am the cook
but fix the comment that you say to
regarding your friends Hello friend
Apparently the guy didn't want to know anything
about me but then the piece of [ __ ]
starts calling me friend I just got
back from vacation and saw the two
videos you made Thanks for the
words in my favor I really appreciate it
when I saw your tweet they started writing to me
host host
host man but let's see
man but if you know he's going to pull this out on you
[ __ ] why why are you lying if you
know you're going to pull this out
man
Javi Did you see Ari's conversations
Gameplay yeah Well yeah that's what
I mentioned in my video what we didn't
know was this man what a catch
kid the frog Look at the
frog like blaming me and I
was super What the [ __ ] but I preferred to
skip the subject those but I think
the frog had come out more times eh I mean it
seems to me that there have been other occasions
the one where
if Dallas is the capture always puts
capture
days in general Barca has spoken to me
privately and I feel that your video did him
good personally for the others to
recognize his mistakes is an
Impossible Mission I send you a hug and
anything here I am  literally the only
truth that the clown Juan Cugo said
in his garbage attack towards me was that
on this occasion he did not ask me to
make a video attacking them
however it is true that on other
occasions we had already talked about the
disgusting garbage of the Dead and in a call
which is not recorded so we have no choice
but to take my word for it I
had already told him the garbage character
that this guy was and his opinion was like
this like he didn't want to finish
speaking badly of him but like he didn't
trust him that much That's the feeling
that I remember here I sent him an
audio that is not relevant basically I
tell him yes it's true you did not ask me to
make a video and look at what he
has the nice words to
dedicate to his friends after By the
way having said that it did him good
personally however listen to what
he is telling him right now,
today, a video of that that Ah son no
Loc occasions is that all the people go and
you to them if that mess
had not occurred and that mess now
for him a mess occurred because of me
blame But in 2021 he's telling me that it
helped his friend personally but
for others to recognize their mistakes is
Mission Impossible, what nice
words about his friends, huh, but
wait, it gets worse, he tells me the
last one, I saw part of his answer on
tiktok and I said, Ugh. And how are you doing
now, Juan, repeat it again, but well, it
wasn't as heavy as we
remember, what a
false memory, man, what a false elective
apparently because at the time you said
How to plunge a knife into a wound,
wow, now suddenly it wasn't so heavy, it
was all Dallas's fault, not mine, I'm
a piece of fake and I got together with the
Spanish streamers to get a
lot of fame at the time, not my
friends, who are other pieces of fake, no no
no, this is Dallas's fault, what are
those pieces of fake, how glad I am
not to have friends like you, really,
and with a couple of voices he says, but what I'm
telling you I completely expected, what I
told you before, that I had spoken
to him previously about this subject
and by call. Remember the feeling that he
didn't have a good opinion of them  Well
here the same thing is reflected he
fully expected it he knows that his
friends are fake just like him
there is no one who detects another fake better
than another piece of fake like him and he says
most of our problems were because we did
n't agree with him it's impossible for him to ask for
forgiveness Here he is talking about the
inflated type of toxicity of the Dead And well what you
say is completely true
while I was watching the video you read the
comments and they are all as it is
true So even though you didn't
ask me to make the video at the
time me
fatal fatality
kid fatality
e Why do I wonder
eh
Why well I'm not going to
say it but why does he get involved if you know that he is
going to destroy him
eh And what are you telling me that the turbo
plan and these people have made a video of this I
mean turboplane that What are they
holding on to because I have seen the
thumbnail that said the worst video of
Dallas caught
imo you
wrote to speak ill of your
shitty friends And on top of that you told me clearly
that everything I said was true an
important thing to remember is that at that
moment they were hitting Juan super hard
because he had gone on vacation  and he
had no way of
defending himself in that they clung to the
game thing that to the capture this thing
of to the capture this thing of the
game that is not an invitation to be of
but it is a game it
was not the one who said catch Yes yes all
the miniatures that I have seen were caught
dissimo But as you are telling me about the
Turbo plan let's see here it looks terrible
Juan
no What is the way out here the
capture of the
game or rather he put a capture Or rather
the capture that he puts was not
inviting him to be but rather he is
inviting him to the video game But well
and and the
whole point or rather the whole point is that but
anyway even though Dallas
put that
capture that I imagine he will give some
kind of explanation on Twitter if
someone is sleeping with him or whatever
bu on Stream if he made a mistake let's go that
I or rather the point is that he
did that on purpose to
manipulate
But the point let's see how the
issue of the capture changes in that the one who invited him
to the video game invited him but if it is that
late he also invited him but if we
have the  clip
publicly is the point But that to
dismantle that he did not really invite him Ah
that Juan did not really agree to participate
in this
blaze okay
okay But let's see that he did not firmly say yes
to
tardeo but if anyway there are
clips of them talking about tardeo
publicly although that capture is not
about
tardeo there is a clip of them talking about
tardeo at this moment since the friends
took advantage of those vacations to
start throwing garbage about him and
people were saying a lot of
garbage on social networks and launching a
lot of hate comments
basically calling him a bad friend false
interested that you hang out with Spaniards
etc etc I don't know I think the tweet fell on the
side of Twitter fúbol but apart from the
Spanish football Twitter that apart from the fact that
Twitter fúbol itself is already heavy
we have to include the people from Twitter
España who are some very
careful racists and they are stubborn when I call them
racists Because I don't know why it costs them a
lot they are closet racists to this I
responded now you look super good eh
Not to throw flowers but thanks to me
actually eh and literally I changed
the entire public opinion regarding what they
were doing at that time  and it was
all thanks to me and what I said
because it seemed that those people had the same
audience as Juan and they had seen that
Stream, it had affected their
herd instinct and it seemed that a lot of a group
was talking badly about Juan because it was And
that affects Juan
lying about the Dallas videos
against those three Well, that's what I'm
getting at
Valeria, that's what I'm
throwing a lot of Israel at
Juan's response to this Haha The same
when I spoke with what little I spoke to,
people are not stupid and said it was ugly
what they did but already with the first
video I did see people much more
focused because as
previously mentioned they were throwing hate at them
I wish it had helped them but oh
well again The same thing saying that his
friends don't know how to ask for forgiveness Well, it
almost helped bar or so he told me, I'm going to
show the last conversation I
had with this clown Juan cucknizo
I am the cook the last one after this
was on August 10, 2021 And I told him
and Thanks for stopping by the Stream, everything is
fine because basically I came  a Stream and
donated money to me and you tell me this is the one that I
mentioned to you yeah friend again
Calling my
friend when behind my back I was thinking that garbage of m men fake knot I was passing me the live streams of people and scared with my alerts I can put you in the video and I tell him of course I assumed that you were recording something and literally that's what he did he put me in a
video that lasts 13 minutes and my appearance
literally lasts this I think it doesn't even last
30 seconds But of
course he put me in the thumbnail even though I
appear nothing a video that has
Almost 6 million views because Well
to me that putting the thumbnail doesn't
seem
bad [ __ ] that's a sign that it's a sign that
you don't care publicly
eh
Show interaction with you no on the
contrary if you didn't put yourself as if you
hide yourself as rejection no so that so that
people don't say badly not the other
streamers no to me the fact that they put the
thumbnail on you It seems good to me, I mean it doesn't
seem reprehensible at all obviously yes yes
I make this content not to
scare creators Well  I'm going to put
the most powerful streamers not the most
famous No, you already know what he's
interested in, yes, he calls you friends and
tells you things and everything for him is sweeping for
home as you have seen this guy Although he did
n't ask me to make the video he said
as is that everything I said was
true and second he started talking about his
friends saying that they didn't know how to ask for
forgiveness that they stabbed him etc etc
and now suddenly Oh if it hadn't
been for Dallas we would have remained
super friends let me understand you left
your friends aside for the fame of auron
Play to hang out with him your friends
betray you talking about you live
you fight them about it and you start
complaining on Stream and it turns out that the one to
blame is me for commenting on it and
defending you on your day you are very sick
colleague ridiculous character that you are
made of I would be ashamed to be you you are a
joke Juan And you know what you thought you were
immortal you thought you were invulnerable you
thought that you were always going to be able to continue
with your little game of a piece of fake until
the rest of your days taking advantage  of
whoever you wanted and being a
piece of fake forever But you know
what people have realized what a
garbage character you are And you know there's
one thing that watching these two clips I've
realized there's a very
curious thing in these
clips
listen to me Well the video has very little
dislike eh 70,000 against
2500 here I think
[Music]
that I think people already have a
lot of rejection for him for Juan man
people have a lot of rejection for Juan
eh Look, here,
in order to contradict Dallas there would surely be many communities that would say no no no no well it's that he put this capture you understand but here they talk about the numbers where it says sub goal And you know what comforts me you don't know when to see that in the 2021 clip
you were with 167 I realized this I
realized this 100
paying subscribers on your channel and as of today your
numbers currently are literally
a third of what you had in
esea Let's see, it's a lot to have  6500
members Those are the subs the
Twitch subs it's not a lot but of course it
's a tremendous drop
eh it's a tremendous drop that I would sign
eh For the 6500
10,000
minus 10,000 is a lot is a
lot we could ask taking advantage of
the situation a little to see how many people are
here
Oh Oh Oh Oh the kisses that you give me there are no let's
see there are 3000 people
here right now eh I mean there are 2000 horizontally
and 1000 vertically
with 3000 people here we wouldn't be
able to surpass the members that
Juan has I ask eh I ask eh I ask eh I ask
and 300 on Twitch
is it
true it's true it's true
3300 if they gave away two members
each 2000 horizontally there are 2000
horizontally and 1000 vertically
kid at that moment at that moment
everyone was defending you tooth and nail I
tried to say a lot of times the
class  of False Friend and ridiculous
character that you were and at that moment
nobody believed me it wasn't until people
ended up seeing with everything you did
with Auron Play the kind of garbage of
false character and inter is that with the
aurom thing there he hit an incredible host
there he gave there he took a false step
surely if he went back
Juan wouldn't even
think about it there he buried himself look peasant a
handsome member welcome Thank you very much That
happens eh that happens if I went back
Juan wouldn't even think about it if he
went back he wouldn't even think about it he would come out he would
come out to support the
aurom that you are sa it's what it's good
that in the end time always proves me right
when people dedicate themselves to
telling me aas you're not right in the end
the years always go by and they end up
proving me right and nothing I like more than
using my ability of I told you and the truth is that I
still think there are too many
subscribers Honestly I think you don't
deserve even one you are a character who has
grown based on falsifying interests and
had nefarious
stalker behavior with other creators you are a
mythomaniac you are capable of lying about this
literally  leonia Thanks leonia has
given five Let's go Hey let's
surpass Juan who has 6500 He doesn't have
6,018 kid man that we are here
laughing at Juan with a third
of his with a third of his
subs and the members that Ari has bad
joke How much does he have How much does Ari have
How many members does
Ari have no no no
c Thank you very much or ole ole my people
responding ole my people responding damn Of
course [ __ ] we have to
finish Now watch the video I have to
go to telesalseo eh I wanted to have
started at 9 but I have it I have to
prepare it I have to prepare it So I'm
not going to start at 9 I'm going to start at
9 and something that according to him I was
asking him to talk to while I was on
vacation false that I was the one who created
the problem false that because of me he
gave them very bad things another piece
of false and it was not that he hates them you're
right Come on son You're right Let's see
I want to see plot tw what about Aril I'll pass you
what about Ari because already  we have seen it in my
video okay mortadella thank you
very much thank you for that gift I'm going to
pass the AR because we have already seen it
okay let's see let's see let's see the
end no that apparently there was a
false plot that he told me on July 17th I'll read it
and I'll let you know today August 11th
almost a month later the ghosting Juan
pay attention I realized this because
the guy stopped by my Stream to donate
to make his video that has 6
million views with my face in the
thumbnail and two days later he responds to me out of
interest saying Hey friend Always
with the friend tell me where you did your
IQ test I did one that looks quite a
scam according to
me I did one that looks very scam according to
me gifted Eh yes it was a scam it was
a scam let's
see
mm Hey thanks Carmen who has given away
another 10 Carmen a kiss a
kiss
gifted Yes definitely a
scam clearly Juan right
people still think that I fought with
them because they didn't want to participate in
my project nothing to do with it people
even think that  I fought with them
because I saw that they were fake,
nothing to do with it. Besides being fake, they are
bad people, they are garbage. I found out
through other streamers, friends of theirs,
the garbage they were saying about me
behind my back. And how good that after
all this time
the face gave a kiss, a handsome kiss. Thank you
very much,
welcome, show everyone without a
shadow of a doubt that you are a piece of
fake, without any shame
telling people when we still
get along that this is what you
thought of me, I agree that those days are dude. He
asked me to talk, imagine, I told him,
bro. What the least, [ __ ], it's
proven, man, it was a lie, man, I
thought this was going to be true. Man,
Martin just gave away another 20
members, guys, ole ole. Hey,
but listen to me, we're going to
surpass 6,000 here in this live in
record time. I'm leaving now, we won't have
time. No thanks, Martin, very handsome. I
thought this was going to be true.
Hey, I would have been talking to him
to ask him anything about the
video. Mauricio has given away another five.
But well you're not going to leave me or what
Mauricio has given away another five I'm going to
check because it's
likely that I have a newscast here now
eh it
's
likely no no no I don't have it I don't have it
but let's go in a ratio it will be in a
little while let's not let it go to grandpa No yes I
have to prepare the
telesalseo now eh my vacation is to
dedicate 3 hours to you the truth is at that
moment we didn't even dislike each other supposedly
pathetic pathetic fake by face he
smiles at you and behind your back it makes you green
sickly really look how fake I've met
people in this life eh but
Juan cizo is one of the worst anyway guys
Don't forget that you can no longer subscribe
and what is the
twi plot what was something where Ari that
we
skipped again with him the [ __ ] what
was to your face so you learn to
lie better Juan Next time and you
know what Every day I am more sure that it
was these two dirty characters
who managed to get me
the original Twitch Partner removed I really
thought it was because of the
coscu issue But the truth is that  it was
too immediate almost from one day to the next
and remembering I remembered that Juan
had told me it was about Ari Ah but
about Ari I already saw it I already saw it but yes we saw it
the other
day but we already saw that in its day oh oh
but Wait there's more I tell him
Hahaha You're welcome you know I can smell
everything from far away and it makes me really angry how
fake the Dead is I hate him God
And on top of that throwing Juan in the face
after having been a guru and
playing the victim is that me and look at what
ar says Gameplays Oh let's see what
the privileged one thinks they do play
the victim a lot what courage for them to learn
from the
lords a kiss Thanks sweetheart but
Juan has a lot of appreciation for them and they'll
continue [ __ ] me with yes But what now Oh
but stop [ __ ] around for things from the
past Yeah but Juan's friends
threw my grandma already gey in your
face so you learn to lie better
Juan Next time and you know what Every
day I am that was the plot tweet Oh I was
expecting something else I was expecting something  more
because we already knew that is that I
already knew that Damn but well good
good video good video Okay, okay, okay,
Juan got it okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay,
Ari's thing we already
knew in 2021 Yeah, sure,
exactly Okay, [ __ ], yeah,
Ari's thing We've already discussed it and then
she
responded And what did she teach she
then responded and showed another part
but I don't remember that you give that
part anyway
family Hey, with the nonsense we've
been here for two hours eh we've
spent a good while here let's
see [ __ ] [ __ ] 3000 people so far I'm
going to think about it if I
always do it until now eh I'm going to
think about it eh Juan will answer no no because
why is it going to improve Juan you
can make it worse okay I'm going to
teles salseo okay I'm going to eat something
while I prepare it and I'm going to
telesalseo at about 99:30 more or less 9
9:30 I'll be there
and and here at the salseria it's at  about to
upload a newscast eh the newscast is about to be
uploaded
So guys you have a
lot of content there a kiss handsome then over
there if you want Ah Today there is a video on
the main channel too
eh Today there is a video on the main channel
too it adds the members 115 members
the truth is 115 members but
the bar is not updated let's see
the bar is not updated I have to
update it I will do it Tomorrow now I do
n't really feel like it the
truth is actually there are
682 and we have to add 115
we're talking approximately
1800 two or three missing for
1800 Oh you don't reach me you don't even reach
eh You don't even reach
2000 9:3 maximum boy Yes yes 99:30 maxims
imo maxims in fact it's
9:20 99:30 maxims
imo a kiss a kiss see you see you
later